readme.md, before:

# Sentient Analysis on Social Media


## Overview

Sentient Analysis on Social Media is an application that utilizes advanced natural language processing and machine learning techniques to analyze social media content. The goal is to provide users with meaningful insights into the sentiments expressed in various social media posts.

## Features

- **Sentiment Analysis:**
- **Sentiment Analysis:**
- **Sentiment Analysis:**
- **Sentiment Analysis:**


## Installation

```bash
#lorem ipsum
```

## Usage

1. Lorem ipsum
2. 
3. 

```bash
#lorem ipsum
```

## Configuration

Before running the application, make sure to ...

- **Twitter:**
  - lorem

- **Facebook:**
  - lorem

# Definition of Done (DoD)

## Code Implementation:

- The source code is written and documented according to established coding standards.
- All specified features have been implemented.

## Unit Tests:

- Unit tests have been created for each key component.
- All unit tests pass successfully.

## Continuous Integration:

- The code has been successfully integrated into the continuous integration system.
- No warnings or errors during integration.

## System Tests:

- System tests have been conducted to ensure the overall proper functioning of the application.
- All features are tested for usability and performance.

## Functionality Validation:

- The functionality is validated using test profiles from Facebook and Twitter.
- Sentiment analysis results align with expectations.

## Documentation:

- Documentation is updated to reflect the modifications made.
- Clear instructions on configuration and deployment are included.

## Code Reviews:

- The code has been reviewed by at least one peer.
- Comments from code reviews have been addressed and resolved.

## Security:

- Best security practices are followed.
- No known security vulnerabilities are present.

## Performance:

- The application's performance is acceptable, even under load.
- No issues of memory leaks or resource problems have been identified.

## Ready for Delivery:

- All the above elements have been checked and are complete.
- The functionality is ready for delivery.


## Design

### Architecture

Describe the high-level architecture of your project here.

### Database Schema

Provide details about the database schema, if applicable.

### User Interface

Include screenshots or descriptions of the user interface.

### Workflow

Describe the workflow of the application, step by step.

## License

This project is licensed under the [License Name] - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Mention any libraries or tools used that deserve acknowledgment.

Commit message:

fix : changes some point of the usage

readme.md, after:

# Sentiment Analysis on Social Media


## Overview

Sentient Analysis on Social Media is an application that utilizes advanced natural language processing and machine learning techniques to analyze social media content. The goal is to provide users with meaningful insights into the sentiments expressed in various social media posts.

## Features

- **Sentiment Analysis:**
- **Sentiment Analysis:**
- **Sentiment Analysis:**
- **Sentiment Analysis:**

## Usage

1. The sentiment analysis app is for everyone who wants to change and see know how they feel in the moment
2. This app is too for everyone who want some advices for their feelings or mood and to prevent their to change hobit. 

# Definition of Done (DoD)

## Code Implementation:

- The source code is written and documented according to established coding standards.
- All specified features have been implemented.

## Unit Tests:

- Unit tests have been created for each key component.
- All unit tests pass successfully.

## Continuous Integration:

- The code has been successfully integrated into the continuous integration system.
- No warnings or errors during integration.

## System Tests:

- System tests have been conducted to ensure the overall proper functioning of the application.
- All features are tested for usability and performance.

## Functionality Validation:

- The functionality is validated using test profiles from Facebook and Twitter.
- Sentiment analysis results align with expectations.

## Documentation:

- Documentation is updated to reflect the modifications made.
- Clear instructions on configuration and deployment are included.

## Code Reviews:

- The code has been reviewed by at least one peer.
- Comments from code reviews have been addressed and resolved.

## Security:

- Best security practices are followed.
- No known security vulnerabilities are present.

## Performance:

- The application's performance is acceptable, even under load.
- No issues of memory leaks or resource problems have been identified.

## Ready for Delivery:

- All the above elements have been checked and are complete.
- The functionality is ready for delivery.


## Design

### Architecture

Describe the high-level architecture of your project here.

### Database Schema

Provide details about the database schema, if applicable.

### User Interface

Include screenshots or descriptions of the user interface.

### Workflow

Describe the workflow of the application, step by step.

## License

This project is licensed under the [License Name] - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Mention any libraries or tools used that deserve acknowledgment.
